feat: Move datadog hook back to before:package:createDeploymentArtifa… (#404)
DataDog/serverless-plugin-datadog: README.md

- The Datadog Lambda Extension is now the default mechanism for transmitting telemetry to Datadog.

## Working with serverless-plugin-warmup

> This library is compatible at best effort with [serverless-plugin-warmup](https://github.com/juanjoDiaz/serverless-plugin-warmup). If you want to exclude the warmer function from Datadog, you can dot hat with the `exclude` feature of this library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library is compatible at best effort with [serverless-plugin-warmup](https://github.com/juanjoDiaz/serverless-plugin-warmup). If you want to exclude the warmer function from Datadog, use the `exclude` feature of this library.
```

> To properly package your application this plugin *must* be listed _after_ `serverless-plugin-warmup` in your `serverless.yml` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To properly package your application, this plugin *must* be listed _after_ `serverless-plugin-warmup` in your `serverless.yml` file:
```
